Debug printing for relevance marks (#18143)
coq/coq: doc/sphinx/addendum/sprop.rst

> Lack of tactic support

Reviewer: Is this still a good title for the section?  Maybe something more like "Debugging |SProp| relevance bugs"?

----------------------

Every binder in a term (such as `fun x` or `forall x`) caches
information called the :gdef:`relevance mark` indicating whether its type is
in |SProp| or not. This is used to efficiently implement proof
irrelevance.

> Relevance marks are invisible to the user, but code outside the kernel
> may generate incorrect marks resulting in bugs. Typically this means a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Relevance marks are normally not displayed, but code outside the kernel
may generate incorrect marks, resulting in bugs. Typically this means a
```

conversion will incorrectly fail as a variable was incorrectly marked
proof relevant.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Relevance marks are shown as comments embedded in binders in a :n:`term`, which can be `(* Relevant *)`, `(* Irrelevant *)` or `(* <ADD WORDS HERE> *).
```

Author: this is what the example is for, no need to specify it

.. warn:: Bad relevance

  This is a developer warning, which is treated as an error by default. It is
  emitted by the kernel when it is passed a term with incorrect relevance marks.
  This is always caused by a bug in Coq (or a plugin), which should thus be reported and
  fixed. In order to allow the user to work around such bugs, we leave the
  ability to unset the ``bad-relevance`` warning for the time being, so that the
  kernel will silently repair the proof term instead of failing.

.. flag:: Printing Relevance Marks

>    This :term:`flag` enables debug printing of relevance marks. It is off by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Enables printing of relevance marks. It is off by default.
```

   Note that :flag:`Printing All` does not affect printing of relevance marks.

   .. coqtop:: all

      Set Printing Relevance Marks.

      Check fun x : nat => x.

>       Check fun (P:SProp) (p:P) => p.

Reviewer: I wanted to see what the output looks like, but for some reason the documentation wasn't built.

Author: Inria gitlab had issues when I pushed

  fixed. In order to allow the user to work around such bugs, we leave the
  ability to unset the ``bad-relevance`` warning for the time being, so that the
  kernel will silently repair the proof term instead of failing.

.. flag:: Printing Relevance Marks

>    This :term:`flag` enables debug printing of relevance marks. It is off by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Enables debug printing of relevance marks. It is off by default.
```

A couple thoughts:
- Can you add a definition of "relevance marks" somewhere?  Use `gdef` to include it in the glossary and if needed, `term` to reference it.  These constructs are described in `doc/sphinx/README.rst`.
- How do you turn on debug printing?
- What does a relevance mark look like?  Maybe give a very short example with `coqtop`.  Extra credit for showing both with debug printing on and off.

Author: >How do you turn on debug printing?

Set Printing Relevance Marks

will handle the rest later

Reviewer 2: To use a language that users are used to, it could be `Printing SProp Marks`, or `Printing SProp Relevance`, ...

(Explaining in the manual what a relevance mark is remains also an alternative).

Author: changed
